Go to sleep.
Come up here.
I don't look at you guys.
Careful.
Yes.
Why aren't you sleeping yet?
Not used to sleeping with others
Why do you...
She doesn't like me.
Yes.
I have never slept so hard.
The rich man's hair is two meters eight long.
Little couple.
If you want to go away, then go away.
Grandma.
Why aren't you sleeping yet?
I haven't slept either.
Such a small bed.
Look like you can hug your grandson.
Grandma, what are you talking about?
That's right, I just remembered.
I'm long gone.
Make a dress for your nephew's wife.
Fits you perfectly
What if you don't hate your grandmother's eyes?
Wait until morning.
Let A Nien take you to try it out.
Hello ma'am.